Add guide for Triggers and Functions (#49)
RedisInsight/Guides: src/quick-guides/triggers-and-functions/introduction.md

> **Triggers and Functions** is a JavaScript engine for data processing in Redis. Triggers and Functions support on-demand and event-driven processing of Redis data. To use Triggers and Functions, you write functions that describe how the data should be processed and you register triggers that describe the keyspace notifications or stream that will execute the function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Triggers and Functions** is a JavaScript engine for data processing in Redis. This engine enables both on-demand and event-driven processing of Redis data. To use Triggers and Functions, you need to write functions that describe how the data should be processed. Then, you register triggers that define the keyspace notifications or streams that will execute these functions.
```

> **Triggers and Functions** can execute server-side JavaScript functions that are either triggered by a keyspace change, by a stream entry arrival, or by explicitly calling them. This empoweres developers to build and maintain real-time applications by moving business logic closer to the data, ensuring a lower latency whilst delivering the best developer experience.

Reviewer: The word "whilst" is sooo last century! :)

```suggestion
**Triggers and Functions** can execute server-side JavaScript functions that are either triggered by a keyspace change, by a stream entry arrival, or by explicitly calling them. This empoweres developers to build and maintain real-time applications by moving business logic closer to the data, ensuring a lower latency while delivering the best developer experience.
```

To use Triggers and Functions, you need to write functions that describe how the data should be processed. Then, you register triggers that define the keyspace notifications or streams that will execute these functions.

Common examples of **Triggers and Functions**:

> * Automatic Expire.

Reviewer 2: let's remove dots in this list

> * [Automatic Expire](https://redis.io/docs/interact/programmability/triggers-and-functions/examples/#automatic-expiration)

Reviewer 2: let's add UTM parameters to these 3 links as well

* Enrich and transform data.
* Batch operations

### PRE-REQUISITES
**You will need:**

[Redis Stack Server](https://redis.io/download/?utm_source=redis\&utm_medium=app\&utm_campaign=redisinsight_triggers_and_functions_guide) >= 7.2.0-RC2 \
OR \

> [Triggers and Functions](https://redis.io/docs/interact/programmability/triggers-and-functions) >=2.0 \

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Triggers and Functions](https://redis.io/docs/interact/programmability/triggers-and-functions/?utm_source=redis\&utm_medium=app\&utm_campaign=redisinsight_triggers_and_functions_guide) >=2.0 \
```

> ### PRE-REQUISITES

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Prerequisites
```

Reviewer 2: let's use the "PRE-REQUISITES" since this is what is currently used in other guides/tutorials
we may need to change it everywhere at once
